ANNUAL REPORT 201
                 8
                          APOLLO FOOD HOLDINGS BERHAD (291471-M)
                                                         APOLLO FOOD HOLDINGS BERHAD (291471-M)                37
                                                                                  (INCORPORATED IN MALAYSIA)
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018


SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

INTRODUCTION

The Board recognises the importance of the sustainability reporting and the impacts of its business have
on the economy, environment, and society (“EES”). In pursuant with the Practice Note 9 of the Bursa
Malaysia Securities Berhad Main Market Listing Requirements, the sustainability statement is prepared to
enable stakeholders to have a clear understanding of the EES risks and opportunities that are material to
the Group’s business.


SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

The Board currently is still working on the set up of sustainability frameworks and policies. In view of the
importance of sustainability reporting, the Board has communicated to the Group’s risk management
team and seeks their attention in managing the sustainability matters.

Based on the key risk register maintained by the risk management team, material sustainability matters
are identified and highlighted to the Audit Committee. The Board is primarily responsible for providing
oversight and review to the Group’s sustainability performance and reporting.


SCOPE OF THE STATEMENT

The sustainability statement covers the Group’s operating business which is situated in Larkin Industrial
Area.


MATERIAL SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS

Few material sustainability matters are identified and categorised as below:

  Sustainability Aspect        Material Sustainability Matters
  Economic                     Labour shortage
  Environmental                Water consumption
                               Quality of raw and packaging materials
                               Waste management
  Social                       Workplace diversity
                               Training and development
                               Workplace safety
                               Food safety


(i) Economic Sustainability

    Labour shortage

    Labour shortage is one of the material sustainability issues that will affect the Group’s production and
    business activities. The Group always encounters difficulty in getting more workers to run and operate
    its production activities in these recent years. Without sufficient labour resources, the Group is
    unable to provide and deliver products on time to its customers. As a consequence, the risk of losing
    customers to the competitor will become higher. In order to manage this sustainability issue, the
    Group is planning to have a fully automated factory in the near future so that high reliance on labour
    resources in running the production activities can be reduced.




                                                    37
                              APOLLO FOOD HOLDINGS BERHAD (291471-M)                                  38
                                                        APOLLO FOOD HOLDINGS BERHAD (291471-M)
                                                                                    IN MALAYSIA)
                                                                      (INCORPORATEDANNUAL    REPORT 2018
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018


SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (continued)

MATERIAL SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS (continued)

(ii) Environmental Sustainability

    Water consumption

    Water is an important element for food industry in processing consumable goods. Poor water quality
    will affect the quality of end products produced by the factory. To prevent this from happening, the
    Group has installed water filtration system to maintain the quality of water use in foods processing.
    Regular cleaning of filter is required and performed by technicians. Water samples will be collected
    and sent to private lab regularly for testing.

    As water is one of the scarce resources in the world, the Group is concerned on the volume of water
    consumed for production. Data of water usage is collected and monitored closely by the Group’s
    management to prevent water wastage.

    Quality of raw and packaging materials

    The quality of raw and packaging materials will affect the quality of goods produced. Low quality of
    raw materials will affect the taste of wafers and layer cakes while low quality of packaging materials
    will affect the freshness of wafers and layer cakes. Hence, quality control inspection is implemented
    to assure that the quality of raw and packaging materials are there. The quality control department
    will report to purchasing department if there is any non-conformance of raw and packaging materials.
    Those non-conformance raw and packaging materials will then communicate and return to the
    supplier.

    Waste management

    Food wastes such as wafer powders and cake powders will be generated along the cooking and
    baking process. Instead of throwing it away, the Group has recycled and sold those foods wastes to
    external party who need it for animal feeds. The Group also plays its role well in protecting
    environment via reselling waste plastics, used egg trays, cartons, pallets, waste papers, sugar bags,
    and drums to scrap seller for recycle purpose.

(iii) Social Sustainability

    Workplace diversity

    The Group promotes workplace diversity via gender, age group, and ethnicity as the Group believes
    that diversity will bring in more talents, skills, and experiences. All employees has the same
    opportunities in performing their daily duties and subject to equal chances for job progression or
    promotion. Every employee subjects to annual performance appraisal regardless of their background,
    age group, gender, and position. The Group strives to maintain a balance workforce as employees are
    more likely to feel comfortable in an environment where inclusivity is a priority. Age and gender
    discrimination is not allowed as discrimination will bring negative impact towards employee’s morale
    and team spirit.

    Training and development

    Human resources are the most important assets of an organization. The Group recognises the
    important of human resources and allows its employees to develop their skills and knowledge via
    various trainings provided. Without updated skills and knowledge, the workers will not have the
    capability to run those machineries according to the planned schedule. Without appropriate talents
    and competencies, the Group is unable to run its daily business activities.



                                                   38
                          APOLLO FOOD HOLDINGS BERHAD (291471-M)
                                                         APOLLO FOOD HOLDINGS BERHAD (291471-M)                39
                                                                                  (INCORPORATED IN MALAYSIA)
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018


SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (continued)

MATERIAL SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS (continued)

(iv) Social Sustainability (continued)

    Training and development (continued)

    Therefore, the Group encourages its employees to seek training opportunities voluntarily and learn
    new knowledge which can enhance the Group’s daily operating activities. The head of department
    has to alert themselves whenever there is a need to update their staffs on the latest information in
    their respective fields. Human capital development has become part of the Group’s strategy.

    Workplace safety

    No one would like to stay at a workplace that would endanger his/her life. As such, health and safety
    officer plays important role in creating a working environment that is safe from hazards. Various
    safety practices and guidelines are existed and implemented by the health and safety officer to
    ensure workers work in a safe environment. Below are some of the practices monitored by the health
    and safety officer.

    •    Water sprinkler system has installed and done by external fire contractor.
    •    Selected employees attended fire-fighting course which was conducted by fireman.
    •    Exit sign and evacuation plan is in place in the factory.
    •    Hazard and warning lights are in place for precaution purpose.
    •    The use of ear plug is enforced in order to protect operators from excessive noise exposure.
         Noise monitoring test and audiometric test has been conducted annually as per Occupational
         Safety and Health Malaysia’s requirement.
    •    Safety driving practices and procedures are implemented in the factory.

    Food safety

    Food safety refers to handling, preparing, and storing of foods in ways that prevent foodborne illness.
    The Group is very concerned on this sustainability matters as poor food safety will bring negative
    image to the Group’s public image. Principles such as properly cleaning the utensils and equipments,
    maintaining high level of hygiene behaviour, storing raw and packaging materials in appropriate
    temperature and environment, and implementing pest control have been undertaken by the Group
    years ago.

    In order to assure the quality of the foods is safe to consume by consumers, the Group has obtained
    ISO22000 Food Safety for its layer cakes production and GMP Codex Alimentarius: General Principles
    of Food Hygiene for its manufacturing of compound chocolate wafer products. The Group has also
    obtained HALAL certifications for all of its products produced. To assure the quality of foods export to
    foreign country, the Group has also complied with Indonesia’s HALAL requirement. Internal audits will
    be conducted few times in a year to ensure the products quality are assured and complied with ISO
    and HALAL requirements.




                                                    39
