                                                                              HWA TAI INDUSTRIES BERHAD                 23
                                                                                        Annual Report 2017




SUSTAINABILITY
REPORT


Sustainability Governance

Hwa Tai Group’s sustainability goal is driven by the Board of Directors .

A working group has been set up to assist the Board in embedding sustainability in Hwa Tai Group’s business approach.
The working group is responsible in determining strategies, policies and objectives on sustainability matters taking
into consideration economic, environmental and social impacts, and also in sustainability management.
All possible impacts will be evaluated and recommendations will be made in order to have better control on
sustainability matters and also increase efficiency in use of resources.


                                                                                                Quality
                                                                                              Management
                                                                                             Reoresentative


                                                                                           Human Resource
                                                                                          Cum Safety Manager



                                                                                           Senior Purchasing
                                                                                               Manager


       Group Chief Executive                  General Manager (Head of                     Senior Production
          Director (GCED)                          Sustanability)                              Manager



                                                                                           International Sales
                                                                                                Manager


                                                                                            Domestic Sales
                                                                                              Manager


                                                                                             Research and
                                                                                             Development
                                                                                               Manager


This working group is headed by the General Manager and assisted by various operating units. Each operating unit
is delegated the responsibility of managing its respective day-to-day operations by integrating sustainability in the
unit’s processes and procedures . All sustainability practice will be monitored by the General Manager who reports
to Group Chief Executive Director (GCED).


Risk

As Hwa Tai Group is a confectionery manufacturer, the main risk area which the working group identified that may
bring impact is food safety issues. We have in placed a product quality and food safety system to mitigate risks
concerning food safety, which is elaborated in the following paragraphs.
24   HWA TAI INDUSTRIES BERHAD
     Annual Report 2017




     SUSTAINABILITY REPORT (Continued)




     Scope

     This Statement covers the Group’s operations in Malaysia with main emphasis on quality control processes .


     Corporate Responsibility towards Key Sectors

     1.   Marketplace

     	Product Quality & Food Safety System

          From data of World Health Organization (WHO), an estimation of 600 million, about 1 in 10 people in the world
          fall ill after eating contaminated food and 420,000 die every year, resulting in the loss of 33 million healthy life
          years (DALYs). Unsafe food creates a vicious cycle of disease and malnutrition, particularly affecting infants,
          young children, elderly and the sick.

          As a responsible food manufacturer, we do take seriously in this part by understanding our role in manufacture
          of high quality, delicious and reliable products in hygienic conditions in compliance with relevant legislations
          and directives. There are several food safety and quality systems in place to ensure our role is achieved and
          maintained effectively;

     i.   Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP)

          A management system in which food safety is addressed through the analysis and control of biological,
          chemical, and physical hazards from raw material production, procurement and handling, to manufacturing,
          distribution and consumption of the finished product.

          Through the Critical Control Points system, we identify and analyse elements that may pose any quality and
          food safety risk to our products. The control system is developed to bring all possible risk elements under
          control. Continuous monitoring on those elements through HACCP procedures, work instruction and records
          helps to ensure our products are safe and in good quality to be consumed.

     ii.	International Organization for Standardization Quality Management System (ISO 9001:2008)

          A set of policies, processes and procedures is required for planning and execution (production/development/
          service) in the core business area of the organization. The system ensures our products are produced and
          monitored using zero defect principle in compliance with necessary parameters for food safety such as colour,
          odour, textures and etc.

          To have a better management of quality system, we are in the midst of applying ISO 9001:2015 and target for
          full implementation by year of 2018. This standard is based on a number of quality management principles
          including a strong customer focus, the motivation and implication of top management, the process approach
          and continual improvement. By implement ISO 9001:2015, we can enhance our assurance in providing our
          valued customers consistent, good quality products and services.
                                                                                HWA TAI INDUSTRIES BERHAD                  25
                                                                                          Annual Report 2017




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT (Continued)




Corporate Responsibility towards Key Sectors (CONTINUED)

iii.   Halal Assurance Management System




       Quoted from Manual Procedure for Malaysia Halal Certification (2014),  the definition of halal according to Trade
       Descriptions (Definition of  Halal)  Order  2011  and  Trade  Descriptions  (Definition  of  Halal) (Amendment)
       Order 2012 is as follows:

       a.    When food or goods are described as halal or are described in any other expression to indicate that the
             food or goods can be consumed or used by a Muslim, such expression means that the food or goods
             are:

             i.     neither is nor consist of or contains any part or matter of an animal that is prohibited by Shariah
                    law for a Muslim to consume or that has not been slaughtered in accordance with Shariah law
                    and Fatwa;
             ii.    does not contain anything which is impure/ najs according to Shariah law and Fatwa;
             iii.   does not intoxicate according to Shariah law and Fatwa;
             iv.    does not contain any part of a human being or its yield which are not allowed by Shariah law
                    and Fatwa;
             v.     is not poisonous or hazardous to health;
             vi.    has not been prepared, processed or manufactured using any instrument that is contaminated
                    with najs according to Shariah Law and Fatwa; and
             vii.   has not in the course of preparing, processing or storage been in contact with, mixed, or in
                    close proximity to any food that fails to satisfy paragraph (i) and (ii).

       b.    When services in relation to the food or goods are described in any other expression to indicate that the
             services can be used by a Muslim, such expression means that the services in relation to the food or
             goods are carried out in accordance with Shariah law.

             We are proud to claim that all our products are Halal certified and comply with MS 1500:2009. Thus our
             products are safe to be consumed by Muslim.

iv.	Internal Management System

       In order to ensure completeness and integrity of our food safety and quality system including HACCP and ISO
       system, we will conduct internal audit annually. This audit is inter-department oriented to ensure the entire
       audit is conducted without any bias and all of our auditors are well trained.

       We have conducted our internal audit in September, 2017 and below are the scope we covered;

       a.	ISO standard MS 9001 : 2015
       b.  HACCP standard MS 1480 : 2007

       Besides, our company has also assigned an internal auditor to have counter audit on various functions in the
       organization and all the outcomes will be directly reported to Audit Committee.
26   HWA TAI INDUSTRIES BERHAD
     Annual Report 2017




     SUSTAINABILITY REPORT (Continued)




     2.   Workplace

          Employees are the backbones of the business. Essentially employees are central to the smooth functioning
          of business operations and play a vital role in the success and sustainability of the Group.

          Equal opportunity for employment are provided within the Group. The Group, in fulfiling its corporate
          responsibility as a caring employer places emphasis on building long lasting relationships with its employees.

          The efforts towards achieving the above objectives are carried out in various aspects:

          i.    Employees Welfare and Well- being

                The success of the Group depends on its employees hard work, loyalty, strong leadership, integrity and
                devotion of theirs strengths to help the Group achieves its objectives.

                The Group aims to enhance the employees welfare and well-being to build an engaged workforce that
                stay focus and grow within the Group.

                In pursuing this objective we provide the following:

                a)    Medical benefits, hospitalisation and Group insurance coverage.
                b)    Present Long Service Awards in recognition of loyalty, dedication and commitment.
                c)    Recognition of employees achievement in accomplishing the Company goals by rewarding bonus
                      and incentives to maintain a high performance work environment.

          ii.   Safe, Healthy and Conducive Environment

                The Group strives to provide a safe, healthy, comfortable and conducive work environment for its
                employees through the following initiatives:

                a)    Ensuring a safe workplace with 24 hours security surveillance.
                b)    The Group Occupational Safety and Health Committee initiates various health and safety programs
                      such safe practices in production, forklift safety operating procedure training, fire drills, fire
                      extinguisher training, as well as safe handling of chemicals.
                c)    Enforcement and enhancement of safe practices in all aspects at all times.
                d)    Constantly updating and promoting the awareness of safety precaution and health issues.
                e)    Safety gears like personal protective equipment (ie: ear plugs, safety shoes, masks, helmets
                      and others are provided to relevant employees to prevent the consequences of serious injuries.
                      Employees are required to wear the equipment at all times during work to minimise the effects of
                      workplace hazards.
                f)    Maintaining a workplace free of any form of abuse be it physical or verbal harassment and
                      discrimination on the basis of nationality, race, religion, gender, age or disability by encouraging
                      employees to report to the management if they have come to know of any such incidents.

          iii.	Training and Development

                a)    The Group seeks to promote and develop its human assets to be competent, multi-skilled and well
                      motivated to increase their career advancement opportunities.
                b)    To build a more effective workforce, the Human Resources Department develops the Annual
                      Training Plan, taking into consideration feedback from employees who can suggest the types
                      of training courses, continuous and structured job related trainings, seminars and workshops to
                      regularly enhance theirs technical skills and knowledge as well as soft management skills.
                c)    Requiring all new employees to participate in new employees orientation to get clear insights into
                      the Group’s operation.
                d)    Our training programmes are constantly revised and improved based on changing business needs,
                      and are delivered by internal and external training provider.
                                                                              HWA TAI INDUSTRIES BERHAD                  27
                                                                                        Annual Report 2017




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT (Continued)




3.   Environment

     We take a serious view of impacts on the environments caused by our operations. To ensure our operations
     are environmentally responsible, we actively participate and cooperate with local authorities to manage our
     waste and energy. Several steps are taken to govern and reduce impacts to the environment.

     a.   Waste Water Treatment System

          Since year 2014 our waste water treatment system has been upgraded to hybrid treatment plant
          which consists of chemical treatment and biological treatment process. Due to our manufacturing
          operations expanded over the years; the increased wastewater flow gradually exceeded the capacity of
          our previous wastewater plant. The difficulty was that we have space constraint which does not allow
          us to accommodate massive wastewater treatment solution, thus we needed a hybrid plant that can
          effectively treat the effluent.

          One of the largest concerns facing is wastewater management. Our effluents are hard to be treated as it
          comes with organic matters like fats and oils. Furthermore, inconsistent of influent conditions brought on
          by factors such as load shocks, changes in temperature and production will also bring more challenges
          in treatment. We need to incorporate a solution that could handle the plant’s peak-load and fluctuations
          in wastewater processing.

          To optimise the land area, hybrid waste water treatment plant has been designed by our consultant,
          which allowed us to achieve wastewater objective without having to compromise on the parameters.

          We are firm about maximizing wastewater treatment flow to allow additional capacity for greater flow
          treatment requirement in the next 5 years. To address that, we implemented a design flow of 50m³/
          day although the current capacity required is about 20m³/day. We had also successfully reduced the
          concentration of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) from above 3000mg/L to less than 100 mg/L and the
          moderation of total suspended solids from above 300 mg/L to 10 mg/l (Standard A below 50mg/L).

          With the above monitoring result, we are able to maintain our discharged effluent which contains
          parameter within the limit of “Standard A” shown in seventh Schedule (Regulation 12, Acceptable
          Conditions For Discharge of Industrial Effluent containing Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) For Specific
          Trade Or Industry sector). To maintain performance of our wastewater treatment system, we do assign
          a certified internal competence specialist in monitoring of our system. Other than that, daily monitoring
          of effluent’s treatment result are also taken place to ensure our effluents complies with standard.

          The focus of the waste management is to properly treat the raw wastewater to enable discharge into
          local streams and we are always aligned with global environmental sustainability goals.

     b.   Waste management

          i.	Oil Bund Facility (Palm Oil Storage Tank)

                Bund wall is a constructed retaining wall with the function of ensuring potential polluting substances
                are handled, processed or stored, for the purposes of containing any unintended escape of
                materials.

                In order to comply with Environment Quality Act 1974 of Department of Environment (DOE) Malaysia,
                an oil bund facility has been constructed to prevent any leakage or spillage from tanks and pipe of
                palm oil storage tank to its surrounding which may in turn pose harm on surrounding biosystems.
                Holding capacity of the oil bund is 110 percent of our oil storage capacity.
28   HWA TAI INDUSTRIES BERHAD
     Annual Report 2017




     SUSTAINABILITY REPORT (Continued)




     3.   Environment (CONTINUED)

          b.    Waste management (Continued)

                i.	Oil Bund Facility (Palm Oil Storage Tank) (Continued)




                                                                             Oil Tank
                              Oil Tank


                         Pipework
                         over wall                                            Pump

                                                Copyright Reserved               Track unload
                               Pump                                              connection point


                           Bund wall                                                Moveable
                                                                                    Container

                         Collection
                             Sump




                      (Approved design of oil bund by DOE)

                ii.   Scheduled Waste Management

                      In according to Environmental Quality (Scheduled Wastes) Regulations 2005, scheduled waste
                      means any waste falling within categories of waste listed in their first schedule of regulation.
                      Schedule wastes shall be stored in separate containers which are compatible with the scheduled
                      wastes to be stored, durable and which are able to prevent spillage or leakage into environment.
                      Incompatible scheduled waste shall be stored in separate containers, and such containers shall
                      be placed in separate secondary containment areas.

                      In aligned with the regulations, we have our safety and health team lead by certified environmental
                      professional in scheduled waste management (CePSWaM) to manage our relevant wastes on both
                      internal and external method.


     4.   Community

          Hwa Tai continuously engages with non-government & non-profit organisations to do its part in CSR programmes
          such as schools, old folks homes, ‘orang asli’ communities and etc.
