     SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT




     Ogawa World Berhad (“OWB”) and our subsidiary companies (“our Group”) recognise our business need to be conducted in
     a sustainable manner by taking into consideration the environment, social and governance aspects so as to deliver wellness
     not only in terms of physical, psychological and environmental but also our Group’s financial performance everyday and
     everywhere to our valued stakeholders.

     Our philosophy on sustainable business practices stemmed from our seven spring of wellness adapted from the seven
     dimensions of wellness by Charles Corbin of Arizona State University as the base for the five pillar value to be formed in order
     to achieve our mission and ultimate vision.

     Seven Spring of Wellness

     Our seven spring of wellness consists of four internal factors namely mind, body, heart and spirit as well as three external
     factors namely people, place of work and planet.

     We believe mind intellectual is important. That is why in Ogawa, we encourage all kinds of activities that are mentally
     stimulating so as to expand knowledge and skills. When we have valuable health information, we share amongst Ogawans
     through email as well as to our valued customers. We promote physical body fitness. That is why we introduced a new series
     of fitness brand, Activo, to our products categories to encourage health proactiveness. We recognise that emotional feelings
     affect the heart. For this, we seek satisfying relationships amongst human through awareness and acceptance of feelings and
     behaviour. This includes proper policies and procedures on grievance channel. We promote spiritual well-being in human
     existence so as to establish peace and harmony in life to confront with daily challenges.

     We recognise the need to interact with people so as to sustain in this social environment. Thus, we strive to contribute
     to the communities in which we operate. Besides donation in cash and kind to the members of the community, the Group
     constantly runs campaigns to promote appreciation of family values. The Group considers health and safety management
     to be equally important as other management functions. At workplace, we strive to provide a healthy and safe environment
     to our employees through the setting up of Occupational Safety and Health Committees. We nurture our employees and
     groom them to be greater through series of internal and external trainings. We at Ogawa strongly recognise the importance
     of preserving the planet for continuing sustainability. We constantly lookout for means to reduce energy consumption not only
     for cost monitoring but also to prevent climate changes. In office, we will shut down the air condition during lunch time. We
     collect the product carton boxes from customers to be recycled as we believe a little effort in everything we do, can sum up
     to mighty force.




14    Ogawa World Berhad (712499-V)
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
(continued)

Five Pillars Value

We believe the seven spring of wellness are the essential base for us to cultivate the Ogawa brand values. These Ogawa
brand values are concentrated on five areas which are excellence, team spirit, culture of care, creativity and customer delight
(ETCCC).

We strive for excellence. Our passion for healthy living fuels excellence in all we do. This attitude is essential to keep us
marching for the next peak for continual sustainability. In Ogawa we recognise the limitation of self-constraint. That is why
teamwork is emphasised. Through the activities that we do for the seven spring of wellness, we inculcate the value of team
spirit. Dreams can come true when we work together as a family. To work as a team, the culture of care is important. It is
only when we genuinely care for our people, partners, customers and the environment; the reciprocal rapport can be formed
to work coherently in a warming ambience. The care for environment will lead us to look out for means to reduce energy
consumption by working more efficiently and cost-effectively.

In order to sustain in this competitive environment, we must not live in static as we know customers’ expectations are
increasing. Hence, creativity plays a vital role in adding value to our customer. We are inspired to push the boundaries of
imagination to unlock new values.

In whatever we do, customer delight is still the ultimate factor which determines our business continuity for business
sustainability. It is only when our corporate values, our product designs and functionality as well as our services are in line
with the customers’ expectations, the acceptance from customers will ensue. For this, we are passionate about delivering
utmost satisfaction to our customers and this value is emphasised in our employees’ orientation as well as continuous staff
training programmes.

Mission

Our brand represents what we stand for as an organisation and how we relate to our customers, partners and all those with
whom we come into contact with. We trust that by achieving the seven spring of wellness and the five values mentioned
above, it sets the direction clear towards our mission which is to be a global wellness leader in terms of branding. The
delighted customers will value our brand credibility, stay loyal for longer to cultivate a lasting bond with us and develop
greater affinity for the Ogawa brand.

Our people are our best asset. We will nurture trustworthy, passionate, helpful and loyal “partners” with a can-do attitude, built
on a platform of mutual trust and respect. This ensures our employees will become proactive in developing their own potential
and contribute to our continuous sustainability. We forge win-win partnerships with those we trust and who share our passion
for excellence and are committed to delivering total wellness. Following this, our business partners will feel our sincerity to
work together and they are our extended family. We believe through relentless caring, ethical and socially responsible, the
organisation will become stronger and admired by others.

We will nurture trustworthy, passionate, helpful and loyal “partners” with a can-do attitude, built on a platform of mutual trust
and respect.

Vision

Ultimately, the missions achieved will lead us to realise our vision, ie. to live and deliver wellness everyday, everywhere
because we believe that everyone deserves to enjoy good health for continuous sustainability. This is not only applicable to
human beings but also valid for all creatures as well as business entities.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2013        15
